README.md, before:

Website Data Extractor
======================


### A Utility That
- takes a .csv of urls as an input
- crawls the sites
- extracts basic info about each site ( including contact pages that exist )
- puts all data into a csv for bulk import into Insightly


### Using This Tool
- make sure your settings are correct ( config.php )
- put a list of company names and urls into the targets.csv file.
  - names in column a and urls in column b
  - generally excel fucks shit up when creating csvs, so use numbers or some other basic csv editor ( or just a text editor )
- execute scrape_targets.php
  - this will crawl all sites, extract data, and push the contents into results.csv
- insightly.csv can be imported into insightly to create organizations to target
  - go to the organizations tab
  - click to import on right, near the top
  - choose the results.csv file
  - go to town

  
### Dev Notes
- Improve HTML Scraper to allow crawling of sites with JS redirects and Frames
  - recycle cortex crawler html_file_processor code for stuff below
	- add frame scraper for links
		- store links a 
	- add javascript redirects scraping
		- store as regular link
	- combine all link scraping into one link scrape method
		- regular links, redirect, and frame

Commit message:

added amazon sqs to system to allow parallel processing.

README.md, after:

Website Data Extractor
======================


### A Utility That
- takes a .csv of urls as an input
- crawls the sites
- extracts basic info about each site ( including contact pages that exist )
- puts all data into a csv for bulk import into Insightly


### Using This Tool
- create `config.php` from `config.example.php`.
- make sure your settings are correct in `config.php`.

*this is wrong withint he email extractor branch*
*we're using amazon sqs and a database of urls to trigger this extractor now*
- put a list of company names and urls into the targets.csv file.
  - names in column a and urls in column b
  - generally excel fucks shit up when creating csvs, so use numbers or some other basic csv editor ( or just a text editor )
- execute scrape_targets.php
  - this will crawl all sites, extract data, and push the contents into results.csv
- insightly.csv can be imported into insightly to create organizations to target
  - go to the organizations tab
  - click to import on right, near the top
  - choose the results.csv file
  - go to town

  
### Dev Notes
- Improve HTML Scraper to allow crawling of sites with JS redirects and Frames
  - recycle cortex crawler html_file_processor code for stuff below
	- add frame scraper for links
		- store links a 
	- add javascript redirects scraping
		- store as regular link
	- combine all link scraping into one link scrape method
		- regular links, redirect, and frame
